Source inversion proposal for <SAB>

I.  General

A.  Outstanding issues

When you send the source inversion proposal to NLM, 
use this space to draw attention to anything in the source_inversion
proposal that has a question or needs to be reviewed by NLM.  Don't go into
detail here, just list the issue and indicate which section to look at for
more detail.

By the time the source inversion is completed, this section should be
empty (i.e. all questions should have been addressed).

B.  New/changed since last inversion.

Highlight any changes since the previous inversion

C.  Estimate of new/changed concepts

Ballpark figure to give NLM a sense of how much editing there will be.

D.  Notes for insertion

Make note of anything relevant to the insertion recipe, e.g. "all codes
have changed so do not match on code."  

II.  Format of input files:

A.  Pointer to source documentation

B.  Brief description of the input files, e.g. list the files and
fields.  This section can get kind of long, even if you leave out
a lot of the details, but it is helpful to have the info all in one place.

III.  Inversion plan:

A.  General notes/comments

B.  Mapping of source data:

For each field/piece of data in the source files, explain where it will
end up in the inversion and (for relationships and attributes) what it will be attached to.   Note any data that is being ignored.  

C.  META UI fields:

Indicate what source data (if any) is being used to populate the following fields:

CODE
SAUI
SCUI
SDUI

D.  Additional data added during Meta construction

1.  Semantic types.  Document how defaults are assigned

2....  Other stuff, e.g. how termtypes are assigned, generation of mergesets,
SFO/LFO rels, suppressibility, Americanizations,
stripping of UTF-8, etc.


IV.  Data problems

Describe any problems you have encountered with the data or documentation.
If the list is very long, you can just make this a pointer to a separate
file.
V.  SRC and Metadata:

This is usually the output from /usr/tools/src/check_sources.src.pl
